you will be happy in this mad woman's navy One one of the all you can
be to our own home. Adam from the RV, I must say, Be all you can be
qualifies what you can that will help you be satisfied with your You're
making upward mobile people. Mobility choice. If you don't have
a mobility, people start to stagnate. That's why people get out. Um,
you know it. If you're in the p three community and you cannot make
the conversion to p eight, you're in a downward spiral. That point
there is a life. There is 1/2 life at that point. And you don't want
to think maybe only about 20. Get out. Okay, well, life happens. I
mean, something's happened. Um, that's the way that, you know, be happy.
Don't worry. You're gonna have a career, Okay? You happy? Don't
worry. Scenario